Update documentation in gems (#633)
o3de/o3de-extras: Gems/WarehouseAssets/README.md

***Tip 5***

> The `WarehouseScene.prefab` is equipped with 2 Reflection Probes, which can be found in `Warehouse/Global_illumination/Reflection_Probe`. To work correctly, Reflection Probes require baked materials and, thus are disabled by default. For a better visual experience, it is advised to enable them. To do so follow these steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `WarehouseScene.prefab` is equipped with 2 Reflection Probes, which can be found in `Warehouse/Global_illumination/Reflection_Probe`. To work correctly, Reflection Probes require baked materials and as such are disabled by default. For a better visual experience, it is advised to enable them. To do so follow these steps:
```
